So now in this module we had a look at native device features and you'll learn that the capacitor is
not only the tool that wraps your web app but also the tool that provides a bridge to native API eyes
that allow you to access the camera or to location.
You'll also learn that with the help of DPW tools you can get a similar functionality in the browser
at least if your device supports it and has a camera.
And also how you can provide a fallback.
Now these are all tools you can of course now mix and match in your applications as you need them.
Not every application is built in the same way.
You might need more robust error handling or handle different scenarios in your app.
But I hope that this module helps you understand capacitor and how you may use it.
And I can only encourage you to play around with the many core API as it exposes to you as well as to
community plug ins you can install also check to plug in installation documentation for dad.
And with that you have a lot of power at your hands.
That should allow you to build any mobile app you want.